Parent: Staff (1..*) schedules (0..M) Patient Appointments
One staff member creates multiple appointments.
One appointment can only be scheduled by one staff member at a time.
All apointment data, including those made in the past, is stored.
attributes: Staff_Number 

Staff (1..M) works in parent: Ward (1..M)
many staff members can work in one ward.
One staff member can belong to multiple wards.
Staff members can change wards.
attributes: Ward_Number

Inpatients (1..*) reside in (1..1) parent: ward
Many inpatients can reside in 1 ward.
one inpatinet can only reside in one ward at a time.
attributes: Ward_Number, bed_number, duration_stay,date_placed_ward

Inpatients (0..1) are (1..1) parent: patients
One Inpatient is always one patient.
One Patient is not always one inpatient.
attributes: Patient_number

Outpatients (0..1) are (1..1) parent: patients
One Outpatient is always one Patient.
One Patient is not always one Outpatient.
attributes: Patient_number

parent: Patients (1..M) list (0..M) Patient's Next Of Kin
One patient can list many Next of Kin or none.
One Next of Kin can be listed by many patients or one.
attributes: Next_of_kin_no

Local Doctors (0..1) care for (1..M) parent: Patients
Local Doctors can care for many patients.
patients can have one or no local doctor.
attributes: Local_doctor_no

parent: Patients (1..1) use (0..M) Patient Medication 
one patient can have many patient medications
patient medication belongs to only one patient
attributes: patient_number, drug_number

parent: Pharmaceutial Supplies (1..1) stock (0..M) Patient Medication
One Patient Medication only correlates to one Pharmaceutial Supply.
one pharmaceutial Supply only stocks one patient medication.
attributes: drug_number, quantity_stock

parent: Suppliers (1..1) stock (0..M) Pharmaceutial Supplies
One Supplier can stock many Pharmaceutial Supplies
One Pharmaceutial Supply can only be stocked by one supplier
attributes: supplier_number, drug_number

parent: Suppliers (1..1) stock (0..M) Surgical and nonsurgical supplies
One Supplier can stock many Surgical and nonsurgical supplies
One Surgical and nonsurgical supply can only be stocked by one supplier
attributes: item_number, quantity_stock

parent: Ward (1..1) contains (1..M) Ward Requisitions
One ward can contain many Ward Requisitions
Ward Requisitions can only belong to one ward
attributes: ward_number, requisition_number

parent: Ward Requisitions (1..1) contain (0..M) Surgical and nonsurgical supplies
One Ward Requisition can only stock one Surgical and nonsurgical supply
One Surgical and nonsurgical supply can only belong belong to one Ward Requisition at a time
attributes: drug_number

parent: Ward Requisitions (1..1) contain (0..M) Pharmaceutial Supplies
One Ward Requisition can only stock one Pharmaceutial Supply
One Pharmaceutial Supply can only belong belong to one Ward Requisition at a time
The pharmaceutical supplies used by each ward are monitored.
attributes: item_number

parent: Patients (1..1) have (0..M) Patient Appointments
One Patient can have many Patient Appointments scheduled
one Patient Appointment can only be for one patient.
attributes: Patient_number, Date_time
